Generate docs (#2356)
kyma-project/cli: docs/user/gen-docs/01-50-kyma_alpha_app_push.md

# kyma alpha app push

> Push the application to the Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push the application to the Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Synopsis

> Use this command to push the application to the Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to push the application to the Kubernetes cluster.
```

```bash
kyma alpha app push [flags]
```

## Flags

```bash
      --code-path string                   Path to the application source code directory

>       --container-port int                 Port on which the application will be exposed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --container-port int                 Port on which the application is exposed
```

>       --dockerfile string                  Path to the dockerfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --dockerfile string                  Path to the Dockerfile
```

>       --dockerfile-build-arg stringArray   Variables used while building application from dockerfile as args

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --dockerfile-build-arg stringArray   Variables used while building an application from Dockerfile as args
```

>       --dockerfile-context string          Context path for building dockerfile (defaults to current working directory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --dockerfile-context string          Context path for building Dockerfile (defaults to current working directory)
```

>       --expose                             Creates an ApiRule for the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --expose                             Creates an APIRule for the app
```

      --image string                       Name of the image to deploy
      --istio-inject                       Enable Istio for the app

>       --mount-config stringArray           Mount configmap content to the /bindings/configmap-<CONFIGMAP_NAME> path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --mount-config stringArray           Mounts ConfigMap content to the /bindings/configmap-<CONFIGMAP_NAME> path
```

>       --mount-secret stringArray           Mount secret content to the /bindings/secret-<SECRET_NAME> path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --mount-secret stringArray           Mounts Secret content to the /bindings/secret-<SECRET_NAME> path
```

      --name string                        Name of the app

>       --namespace string                   Namespace where app should be deployed (default "default")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --namespace string                   Namespace where the app is deployed (defaults to "default")
```

```

## Flags inherited from parent commands

```bash
  -h, --help                    Help for the command
      --kubeconfig string       Path to the Kyma kubeconfig file
      --show-extensions-error   Print possible error when fetching extensions failed
```

## See also

> * [kyma alpha app](kyma_alpha_app.md) - Manage applications on Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha app](kyma_alpha_app.md) - Manages applications on the Kubernetes cluster.
```
